README.md, before:

# Tictacfoe

## See this app live on Firebase here:

[TicTacFoe](https://tictacfoe-b17c01.firebaseapp.com/).

Used [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.4.

## Development server
Install and use the Angular Console for VSCODE ORRRRR... 
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

... or use VSCODE Angular Console Extension... which is better!

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. Drops into the `dist/` directory. However you should use the `--prod` flag for a production build before you deploy to Firebase (or whereever).

You can do this with Angular Console in VSCODE too!

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

Commit message:

readme update
updated readme with warning about deploying from windows.

README.md, after:

# Tictacfoe

## NOTE: Currently the firebase deployment does not work on Windows. I had to pull the repo to my OSX machine, install needed packages and then connect to Firebas and run deploy

## See this app live on Firebase here:

[TicTacFoe](https://tictacfoe-b17c01.firebaseapp.com/).

Used [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.4.

## Development server

Install and use the Angular Console for VSCODE ORRRRR...
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

... or use VSCODE Angular Console Extension... which is better!

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. Drops into the `dist/` directory. However you should use the `--prod` flag for a production build before you deploy to Firebase (or whereever).

You can do this with Angular Console in VSCODE too!

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
